hey everybody welcome to another deck
hats review from blue collection takara
tomy has just released a brand new
collection called rescue gogo so far
there's only four cars available feel
more savvy Luigi and Guido so let's take
a closer look at fillmore and Sally
I'm sure you notice by now but Tomica
cars are much smaller than muscle cars
measuring two and a half inches long
they are 164 scale diecast with no
stickers few more looks like a real
ambulance on white with license plate in
the front and back and siren on top
he's got a black base that reads mm Oh
nein Tomica course Volkswagen Fillmore
now sadly looks pretty awesome as he
ready to Springs police car she's all
blue with white doors and flashing
lights on top and she's got her usual
license plate black base that reads 2011
Tomica cars Porsche Sally you know
too bad police Lightning McQueen is not
part of this rescue Go Go collection
they look great together
alright youtubers thanks for watching
this video and don't forget to subscribe
thanks again and see you next time